# Fast Training of Deep Learning Models over Multiple GPUs

摘要

This paper proposes FastT, a transparent module to work with the TensorFlow framework for automatically identifying a satisfying deployment and execution order of operations in DNN models over multiple GPUs, for expedited加速 model training. We propose white-box algorithms to compute the strategies with small computing resource consumption in a short time. Recently, similar studies have been done to optimize device placement using reinforcement learning. Compared to those works which learn to optimize device placement of operations in several hours using large amounts of computing resources, our approach can find excellent device placement and execution order within minutes using the same computing node as for training. We design **a list of scheduling algorithms** to compute the device placement and execution order for each operation and also design an algorithm to **split operations in the critical path** to support fine-grained (mixed) data and model parallelism to further improve the training speed in each iteration. We compare FastT with representative strategies and obtain insights on the best strategies for training different types of DNN models based on extensive testbed experiments.

他和TensorFlow框架一起工作. 自动部署, 多个GPU可以顺利训练DNN。 开销小。 也可以用在reinforcement 学习。几分钟就可以安排好。 设计一系列调度算法（为什么？ 为了计算device placement和执行顺序）。 还有一个算法 切分关键路径的操作。支持细粒度数据和模型并行。

他是怎么想出来的？

# introduction

Deep Learning (DL) has become increasingly popular over the past years in various application domains such as computer vision, speech recognition and robotics. With increasingly complicated models and larger datasets, training of a deep neural network (DNN) model becomes an extremely time consuming job. Parallelizing the training using workers equipped with multiple GPUs or in a distributed environment is popular with current machine learning (ML) frameworks [2, 6, 9, 13]. 

Three of the most common parallelization strategies are data parallelism, model parallelism and pipeline parallelism. Data parallelism places a replica of the entire neural network (NN) on each device ( e.g. , a GPU card) so that each device processes **a subset of the training data** and synchronizes model parameters in different replicas副本 at the end of each training iteration. 每个设备有个训练集的子集。 Model parallelism handles models with a large number of parameters, which cannot fit into the device memory, by assigning **disjoint partitions** of an NN each to a different device.将NN的不相交的分区分别分配给不同的设备 Pipeline parallelism divides a DNN model into **stages** and places stages on multiple devices; it further divides each mini-batch批次 into microbatches, so different devices can process different microbatches simultaneously. To date, it is still not clear that given multiple GPUs, what the best strategy is to deploy a specific model onto the devices. Commonly, a practitioner may use data parallelism and replicate the model onto each GPU, but is this really always the best strategy even when a single GPU can hold the entire model?但是整个模型在单个GPU真的最好吗？ And how about large models that cannot be entirely replicated to a single GPU?

In this paper, we show that a mixture of fine-grained data and model parallelism combined with some heuristics is able to find a satisfying device placement in a fast manner with little resource consumption. We also seek to develop a software module to enable automatic model deployment without requiring model developers’ code modification, which can seamlessly work with existing frameworks such as TensorFlow. For a small model which can be deployed in a single GPU, it should find a strategy achieving faster training than normal data parallelism, if there is one; for a large model which cannot be deployed entirely in a single GPU, it provides a good deployment across multiple GPUs. We propose FastT, a transparent module that automatically finds and activates a satisfying deployment and execution order of operations for different kinds of models in a multiGPU environment. Our contributions are summarized as follows:

